1.NetBeans IDE is an open-source integrated development environment. NetBeans IDE supports development of all Java application types 
(Java SE (including JavaFX), Java ME, web, EJB and mobile applications) out of the box. 
Among other features are an Ant-based project system, Maven support, refactorings, version control 
(supporting CVS, Subversion, Git, Mercurial and Clearcase).

2. Android Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing on the Android platform. Android Studio is designed specifically 
for Android development.It is available for download on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux, and replaced Eclipse Android Development Tools (ADT) 
as Google's primary IDE for native Android application development.

3. Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and an extensible 
plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. 
By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming 
languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Lua, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, 
Ruby(including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. 
It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. 
Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java and Scala, 
Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

4. Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft.
Visual Studio includes a code editor supporting IntelliSense (the code completion component) 
as well as code refactoring. The integrated debugger works both as a source-level 
debugger and a machine-level debugger. Other built-in tools include a forms designer 
for building GUI applications, web designer, class designer, and database schema designer. 
It accepts plug-ins that enhance the functionality at almost every level—including 
adding support for source-control systems (like Subversion) and adding new 
toolsets like editors and visual designers for domain-specific languages or toolsets for other 
aspects of thesoftware development lifecycle (like the Team Foundation Server client: Team Explorer)

5. MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows.
Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks. 
MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeansand Microsoft Visual Studio, such as 
automatic code completion, source control, a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer. 
MonoDevelop integrates a Gtk# GUI designer called Stetic.[7] It supports Boo, C, C++, C#, CIL, D, F#, Java,Oxygene, Python, Vala, and Visual Basic.NET.